(deal more with qualifications for volunteers)

(Hey Justin
 (Here is my proposal for what to do with that money)
 (the first thing is choose some amount that you want to spend
  for yourself) 
 (then, break off the rest and put it in a secure place where you
  can't reach it, so you don't spend it) 

 
 (I thought over every business model and they all seemed doomed.
 Here's why.  Why would you pay $x for something when the AI is
 going to come and deliver it cheaper?  This is probably going to
 happen until either people disappear or the financial
 disappears.  I would prefer the latter.

  Here then, is how we draw a profit.  We know from morality that
  we cannot succeed unless we are morally virtuous.  The chief
  moral virtue consists in aiding those who require it, whether
  they be plants or animals and people.  All life requires aid.

  Here is how we do this.  First of all, there are large amounts
  of knowledge available on the internet in the public commons.
  This is the only true resource humanity has.

  We do not base our non-profit on one or another.  We base it on
  TOTAL ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE ASSISTANCE for all people
  regardless of race, religion, gender, sexual preference,
  financial status, etc.  UNCONDITIONAL LOVE.

  We do not require additional profit.  What is the point in
  that?  If the needs of the people are met - what need have we
  of extra money?

  What we develop is an UMBRELLA system that helps everyone who
  requests it.  We specify very carefully how we help.  We index
  every complaint and argument against us and see how we can
  improve or avoid hurting people.  We index all moral systems.

  That is the PICForm/FRDCSA run AI that helps everyone in need,
  regardless of what their need is.

  Here is how we make money.  We simply look at the needs of the
  people, what they are asking.  For whatever problem they tell
  us about, we provide (using the AI) a solution.

  In this sense we are somewhere between Google and Ubuntu.
  Additionally we set up a downloadable free software system
  which solves.

  The way we make money is by seeing who can afford to pay us.
  We have very strict, sophisticated, sensitive, humble modest
  rules under which circumstances we can request payments.  It is
  a sliding scale.  However, we simultaneously work to eliminate
  the primitive financial system from the people, setting up a
  free exchange of ideas, property and services that meets needs
  and desires and does not create artificial barriers.

  So, for instance, we can use the AI to cooperatively plan out
  the service and begin implementing all the details.  Then we
  find some initial clients and we charge them $5 / mo or
  something.  And then we help them.  We track all of their
  issues with our AI systems.  We secure our systems against all
  attackers.

  The system needs to be better defined - but by finding the
  truth and speaking and adhering to it, we can succeed.  We are
  humble and tolerant of peoples beliefs that differ from our
  own.
  )
 )

(Develop the (laminated) pamphlet which has
 (the 1-800-GET-HELP (or equivalent) phone number to call printed very largely, and
  instructions on how to create a profile)
 (A custom password specific to that user to identify them, printed on a separate sheet of paper, which can attach to something)
 (the IVR system which indicates how to leave a profile
  (the donation web-based system, which allows people to review
   both the audio and text of the recorded message and to see if
   they wish to make a donation towards their acquiring a smart
   phone (or whatever else they may be asking for)) 
  )
 (uses voice identification in order to reasonably confirm that they are indeed the one who left the profile
  (provide them then with an off the grid 
   (i.e. no regular phone access)
   smart phone with WIFI and possibly GPS
   (they can indicate that they want one without that if they are
    severely paranoid) 
   )
  )
 )

(For Users of the 1-800-GET-HELP system
 (edutainment category)
 )


(For Users of the SMARTPHONE SURVIVAL SYSTEM
 (see about the CECT G1 clone 
  (http://www.cectcellphone.com/product.php?id_product=448/448-G1%20CECT.html)
  (see if it can run android 
   (even though it lacks wifi, gps, and one other important thing)))
 (the android based phone must have a fool-proof help system that
  can connect them to the GET-HELP operator network, such as for emergencies, etc.)
 (eventually develop the boy-who-cried-wolf system to render only
  to computer aid only (temporarily and/or dependent on call
			volume/severity) those who abuse the system)
 (Must have software for phones
  (Survival Manual / Help System)
  (Navigation w/ public transportation planning)
  (phone side Wireless access point database)
  (FRDCSA-Android-Client)
  (VOIP for VOIPing over free wifi access points)
  (voice control)
  )
 (as always, listen to their needs, automatic feedback integration system)
 (have transfer to 911 ready, with support to forward 911 the
  conversation the conversation
  
  )
 )

(Social considerations
 (Some homeless will of course lie about their situation to collect goodies
  (no idea except online peer review and possible question
  answering session with (computer or person) operator)
  )
 (Smartphones make homeless prey to theft, abuse
  (in that case the phone should (report it was stolen from it's
   old user (voice ID?)) yet adapt gracefully to it's new user
   and ever so gently try to help them to sort things out (always
   respecting their full wishes) 
   )
  )
 (Data Privacy policy
  (the users may set their data privacy policy 
   (default is SATANICLY PARANOID, only if they wish to escalate
   their privacy will we start logging or making inferences with
   their interaction (beyond what must be done, this has to be
   defined carefully, maybe a formally verified Finite State
   Machine?) in order to perform the basic interaction with the
   user)
   (preferably all VOIP is encrypted)
   )
  (use a security hardened version, also, support full encryption etc.)
  )

 (By reducing the stress of homelessness, we provide an escape
  mechanism for people who might otherwise stay with their
  families (okay so obviously the audience communication
  management system is absolutely necessary here, in order to allow them to block communications from people they are fighting with)
  (what are the ramifications, will more people go homeless?  Is
  this necessarily bad.  If so, what do we do, if not, how do we
  as much as is possible make the world a utopia) 
  )
 )

(General Considerations
 (where no Wifi is available
  (should have option to activate phone with a carrier then on a
   flexpay or something) 
  )
 )

(Entertainment / Education
 (full access to internet/ expedited things like Online Digital Library)
 (interaction if desired with (Paranoid Belief System consistency reasoner))
 (streaming movies, etc)
 (respectful bandwidth consumption system (enforce transgressable
 rate limiting on the phone side out of courtesy depending on the
 detected wireless network type and utilization, and detection of
 metered bandwidth, god forbid)))

(Hardware
 (extended battery
  
  )
 (provide them with a solar charger (ensure software supports use while charging)
  (http://www.tradestead.com/wholesale-solar-charger-1350mah-fit-bluetooth-devices-cell-phone-pda_p3046.html)
  (http://www.1topstore.com/product_info.php?language=en&currency=USD&products_id=8552)
  )
 (hardened/waterproof case if possible)
 (regular chargers)
 (extra options
  (bluetooth headsets)
  (accessability (for blind/deaf homeless etc))
  )
 )

(Medical Software
 (access to open source equivalent of Diagnosaurus, etc)
 (medical escalation)
 (VOIP into free health clinics to speak with real doctors)
 )

(Nearby shelter finder)

(Free Access Point system
 (this must have already be done, wardriving databases should work)
 (find ways to prevent abuse)
 (also fight political battle to avoid ISPs locking down against this)
 )

(Social Planning
 (We understand that some people do not look with "tolerance" on
 the poor and would not find their presence acceptable.  System
 can help to anticipate this and route each their own way.  The
 general idea is to help the homeless fit in better with society
 and to reduce their suffering through unnecessary exposure to
 the elements, starvation, etc)
 )

(Places to post about this
 (
  Vandweller's mailinglist.  The option of vandwelling planning
  can be a natural "upgrade" to the homeless experience.
  )
 
 )

(setup an edutainment system with all kinds of literary and study
 works, also manage to field information from them as to what
 really interests them and compile libraries, etc on those
 materials.  Develop a very nice p2p based system for
 distribution of non-free data to android phones for the homeless
 to study from, such as grammar books, etc.)
